A fire hydrant has H-2-O on the inside and K-9-P on the outside.
Did you hear about the crook who stole a calendar? He got twelve months.
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don’t know and I don’t care.
The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear they're gonna give him a really tough sentence.
I own the world's worst thesaurus. Not only is it awful, it's awful.
So what if I don't know what "Armageddon" means? It's not the end of the world.
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
I think it’s wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather... Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
When life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic.
The problem with kleptomaniacs is that they always take things literally.
It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do.
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance. We'll see about that.
You don't need a parachute to go skydiving. You need a parachute to go skydiving twice.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
No one should have children after 35. Really, 35 children are enough.
There are 10 kinds of people - those who understand binary and those who don't.
Most people are shocked when they find out how bad I am as an electrician.
I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
Never trust atoms, they make up everything.
I was addicted to the hokey pokey, but then I turned myself around.
Two fish are in a tank. One says, ‘How do you drive this thing?’
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you do criticize them, you’re a mile away and you have their shoes.
I didn’t think orthopedic shoes would help, but I stand corrected.
Just got fired from my job as a set designer. I left without making a scene.
I just got kicked out of a secret cooking society. I spilled the beans.
The man who invented Velcro has died. RIP.
Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.
Honesty may be the best policy, but it’s important to remember that apparently, by elimination, dishonesty is the second-best policy.
A perfectionist walked into a bar — apparently, the bar wasn’t set high enough.